Minor Bugs:
-----------
need a max turn time, so that the ball isn't left bouncing off bumpers for ages (or possibly on some holes forever)

print needs fixing (see KolfGame::print)

balls can go through walls
	eg: classic 2, can get through connection with top diag and top wall (easliest from left)

if on your first turn (in a multiplayer game) for a hole you fall into water and choose "Rehit from last location" then your ball wall spawn on top of your opponents, so that when they make their first hit they will instantly collide with yours
	poss fix: check for collisions with ball and other balls when a player is making their first move.

USA Pro 7, text for Golden Gate displays incorrectly. And Washington DC should be on one line in hole 8

balls can sometimes go through each other:
	go straigh in one dir with first player, then same with next and they will be able to go through opponent

minor info saving bug:
	start a game with two players with diff names
	end the game
	start a new game, and both players will have the name of the first

need to find a sound for getting a score below par, see game.cpp and find the line that contains:
	//playSound("woohoo");

apparently void KolfGame::startNextHole() needs tidying work since it is too complex (see game.cpp)

the names of menu items with checkboxs (eg in the Settings menu) seem wrong to me, need to think about what I want to change

bad performace on levels with floaters. Also on the intro the ball seems to slow at the bottom of the first loop of the circular slope

wrong player selected in score table at start of game

in strickt mode it is possible to select different holes, this is clearly cheating, but useful for debuging, so should be kept in for now

editing mode is very buggy and needs work, but probably best to wait till after the graphics upgrade

in edit mode it is possible to make a course with no cup

check if KolfGame::viewportToViewport() is still needed

layout of the big buttons at the top of window is wrong, needs thinking about

make slope arrows above sand? Only wants to be above sand, if that, this needs to be thought about. 

auto save when editing needs to be implimented, in game.cpp see:
void KolfGame::autoSaveTimeout()

TIDYING TO DO WHEN SVG FULLY IMPLIMENTED:
-----------------------------------------
fix ball colours, probably need seperate balls

IMPROVEMENTS:
-------------
improve graphics

make slope darkness depend on slope angle again

use ball.advance() to give ball a spin animation?

give black holes an animation?
	ball falling into hole animation? (rather than just disappearing it coudl shrink to nothing)

add resizing

fix appearance of large buttons (there are too many!) by only showing one of "New", "Save Course" or "End Game" at a time, since only one of them is ever appropriate. Also remove the Show info button and move to the Settings menu if more space is needed.

